google shanghai beijing
基本要求
计算机科学或类似技术领域理学学士学位（或具备同等水平的实践经验）。
具有一种或多种通用编程语言方面的软件开发经验。
在以下至少两个领域具有工作经验：网络应用开发、Unix/Linux 环境、移动应用开发、分布式并行系统、机器学习、信息检索、自然语言处理、网络、大型软件系统开发、安全防护软件开发。
工作能力强，具有良好的英文沟通（书面和口头）能力。
优先条件
拥有工程、计算机科学或其他相关技术领域的硕士或博士学位，或在这些领域接受过继续教育，或具有相关工作经验。
具有一种或多种通用编程语言方面的经验，包括但不限于：Java、C/C++、C#、Objective C、Python、JavaScript 或 Go。
有兴趣并有能力在需要时学习其他编码语言。

google global
Minimum qualifications:
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.
Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.

Preferred qualifications:
Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.

google global for mac and ios
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Programming experience in Objective-C or C++.
Experience in iOS or Mac application development.

Preferred qualifications:
MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
Considerable programming experience in Objective-C or C++.
Deep technical knowledge of iOS mobile application development or Mac development.
Specialist domains: Embedded/device systems, third party libraries for iOS, automated testing frameworks such as KIF and UI automation, mobile optimized websites and mobile web browsers.
Knowledge of UI and animation frameworks, MVP application design and complex, and reactive touch-based UI.
Strong foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems.

google global for university graduate
Minimum qualifications:
BSc degree or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with Unix/Linux or Windows and/or Mac environments, distributed systems,machine learning, information retrieval and TCP/IP
Experience programming in C, C++, Java and/or Python
Experience in network programming and/or developing/designing large software systems

Preferred qualifications:
MSc degree or PhD.




